okay this is the dake reference Bible
and surprise surprise dake is the
largest word on the Bible and I am
baffled by this John the Baptist said
that he must increase and I must
decrease and once again perhaps the late
mr. dake wasn't responsible for the
layout perhaps it was the publisher who
decided the lair I don't know and yes we
know that the Bible is not God but you
must remember dear viewer that the
scripture says that God has put his word
above his name summer than 30 paints so
the Word of God is very important and
other to many people today on the
internet and beyond who were trying to
play down the Bible you were told to
study to show yourself approved unto God
and that were study is taken out of all
the new Bibles by the way so here we are
the date reference Bible and let's take
a quick look into it
a lot of our subjects here and first of
all well you might be interested to know
that there are 35,000 footnotes three
and a half thousand note columns and
eight thousand outlines it took take a
hundred thousand hours to produce this
reference Bible and here for you verse
and I might be wrong here but I believe
that every verse has a footnote has
comments on that is more than MacArthur
and that is more than Scofield try keys
and focus for you now there are pros and
cons with every Study Bible as you can
appreciate it is obviously his opinion
he spent years studying the scriptures
and this is conclude now he is using the
King James Bible here
and hopefully if you've watched any of
our videos you know that we are a King
James ministry the King James Bible is
based on the Textus Receptus
which we believe goes right back to the
New Testament based on the original
manuscripts of course and all the greats
over the years Luther and Calvin and
others have used the Textus Receptus
obviously in their own tongue and the
King James is the final completion and
what we say is put the King James into a
fine tongue for those who are overseas
and they will get the best translation
now couple things about dake was on I
mentioned quickly he was a Pentecostal
and therefore he still believes that the
gifts of the Spirit are for today course
take his dead so bear that in mind
but dr. J Vernon McGee quoted we believe
dake extensively my dad has been through
the through the Bible ministry of the
late dr. McGee I think three times now
and as you know they are five years some
I think he's either going used to start
the third third season now I believe so
he's five-ten about 11 years in so he's
been say about 10 years now
but anyway McGee does quote a dake
exclusively and say he was a Pentecostal
so I feel he gets the dispensations in
the wrong place and Robbins gonna quit
that there's also been some controversy
on what they believe that the day of
Christ seen some sites which suggests
that he didn't believe that Jesus is God
Almighty
and I think John chapter 1 might help us
out here finders kidiot in beginning was
the word and the Word was with God and
the Word was God
now he puts a letter to indicate what
his comment and then a B and you see
here the word refers to Christ and he
gives you a cross references
proves his pre-existence he is an
eternal being as also the father and the
Holy Spirit they made the Divine Trinity
so he's pretty sound there but he was
God and always will be as much divine as
the other two members of the Trinity so
that in and of itself allows us to be
considered an Orthodox commentary just
sort of the other things that this is
the lights which lighteth every man that
cometh into the world and of course
that's a good first to show that God as
a savior of all men not just those that
believe but of course only those that
receive Christ are going to be saved
better the mind so here we have the
Phineas date reference Bible 35,000
footnotes more than MacArthur more than
a Scofield and I'll be interested to see
if it's going to have more than the
Rugman reference Bible which is due out
November 2009